What is up guys and what KMAX an hour in this video we're going to be working with the category builder
of these categories OK.
So you can see that we have these pages and this is the category the app or this is a category and this
is the category.
And this is going to go ahead and I'm going to name this undelete distillate category that is Uncategorized.
I don't know I just don't like this one.
This is just a default league created by press so you basically have to go ahead and rename this category
you can not delete it so I'm just going to go to dashboard right here and I'm going to rename this category
to anything like.
Let's just go ahead and go to post go to categories and then let's just rename.
So I'm going to go to this right here and I'm going to hit it and I'm going to name the name.
So the name that I'm going to be entering would be something like best sellers.
OK.
So it is just the category so I'm just going to enter the or else so this will be to you or L if I just
open up the Uncategorized post you're going to see that this is basically called a u r l.
So I'm going to enter the name and this will be best sellers.
OK.
So this is called a slug basically.
I'm going to hit a trade now.
And now let's go ahead and let's rephrase this.
If I just refresh this you're going to see nothing is kind of come here.
Let's just get back to categories and this is just stop.
I don't know this is confused right now so I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to open up the people
you can see this is how the people are searching.
I want to go to best sellers right here and you see how this best sellers category is working.
This is confused.
This is still confused.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to remove this.
And you can see this is how the best sellers category is and this is our layout so this is how it reads.
I'm just going to go ahead and we are going to be freaking up at the category bowler.
This is the category builder as well.
We use the home page as a category.
You can see that we hit it at its layout and now we're going to be working over the output best seller
and plugging deps.
I'm going to go to apple right here and you can see that on the apple.
This is the added category I can add to the category and I can add a delay out as well.
So in the layout I can just align anything I can add a slider and I can do anything.
This is the either option you can do it.
I and the other option is that you have to go to this right here and then you have to go to the dashboard
right here.
I'm telling you both the options are OK.
I mean you have to go to extra and then you have to go to category Boulder and then you have to build
a category.
So this is the home base that we built.
And this is the default category that is applied to all the categories that be created if edited is
going to apply to all the categories that we do create.
OK so if I just said here let's just go ahead let's just edit this category OK and then it should be
a mercenary.
OK.
You can see featured post later and blog feed machinary.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to Italy.
And instead of this blog feed machinary I'm going to click here and I'm going to add the blog feed standard.
So I'm going to hit Curren category slash taxonomy and then I'm going to hit the post per page so post
per page is going to show 6.
OK.
And then we go down we go down and I'm going to hit save and exit.
So let's just go ahead let's say update
so now let's go ahead and let's refresh this so refreshing.
You're going to see instead of this this is now applied to this so it is showing the blog feed standard.
And if I just opened up the blogging tips it's to show that blog read standard it is showing the normal
blog feed standard post OK.
I can also go to the people reviews and then here would be on that as well.
Hear how.
OK.
So this is what is working what I'm going to do right now if we want to add a specific category.
So let's suppose that we want to add a specific category like this.
OK.
We edited the default category so this is going to apply today.
So if I want to just add that people reviews for people reviews I want to show machinary I'm just going
to go ahead I'm going to hit edits lay out from here or I can just go ahead I can hit add new and I
can add a default category.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to add a name right here.
It is going to be people reviews.
OK people reviews
OK.
And then I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to select the people refuse from here.
This is important.
You have to select it.
This is really very important.
OK.
And then you have to come here to insert column and then here you can add a slider's if I want to add
a slider only for people reviews.
OK.
I'm going to come here to feature both slider and I'm going to select the current category toxic taxonomy.
So this is the Kurn category that I have selected.
OK.
And then I'm going to go down and it's going to show the number of bows and that is six only.
So I'm going to go there and I'm going to hit save and exit and I'm going to hit publish right now so
on publishing you're going to see how this is going to look if I just come here in a free Frechette
OK.
You will see that this will be applied to this and this is how it is working so I can either just edit
it directly from a disk team options re here category builder or I can just come here and I can hit
edits lay layout and I can also edit it from here as well so if I just click it you're going to see
that it is applied to this and this is already selected.
So this is how it's going to work.
You can either CO-2 dear and then you can add a new rule to them and then you or you can just directly
at it.
So I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit this right now and I'm going to hit insert module and then here it's going to show
the I want to show the feature post later.
So this is going to be Curren category taxonomy.
And then I also want to show the post.
So I'm going to hit at Dreux and then I want the full row and then I'm going to hit insert module and
then here I can also add a post carousal.
So you can see how it's going to log if I just add it and I'm going to select Curren category that post-Lehman
is going to be 5 so I'm going to hit the save for now.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to update Craig now and then I'm going to I'm going to show you how this people revues category
is going to vary.
So this theme is basically built on the category function so you can just see how amazing it's going
to look.
If I just go to my website right now let's just go to my site.
OK.
And then I want to go to the people review.
So unclogging this you're going to see OK we have this and then we have the post kurios all right here.
OK.
It is showing the posts right here and here would be a sidebar but I can just click here and these solver
run.
OK so like it's going to show all the slider of the boast.
So this is how these Crucell.
You can also add it on the home page OK.
I'm going to show you how you can add it.
If I just get an extra three here and then I hit edits lay out.
I can also just come here I can go to Stevy category builder and then I can hit category builder and
then here I can work with this home page.
OK.
But I'm just coming here and I'm just editing it.
And here I want to add a slider instead of this.
I want to add a slider the featured post another featured both I won the post Kurosawa's.
I'm going to hit this.
OK.
I'm going to hit all the categories that we have right now and the post limit is going to be 10.
So it's going to show 10 post right here.
I'm going to update right now.
And let's just go ahead and view our website
so here you can see this is how it is looking if I just click here you can see these new posters coming
so it is just basically a Crucell of both that is coming right here.
I just like this.
I think it looks good but let's have a neuro and let's add a slider because that is also important.
I'm going to hit this.
I'm going to add the feature post liar and I'm going to select all the categories and it's going to
show only three latest post.
OK.
I'm going to see an exit and I'm going to bring this right above.
Why is it not moving.
OK.
I don't know why it is not moving.
Let's just come here.
OK.
We have.
This is not working.
I hope to fix it soon.
This used to run this used to work.
But this is not OK.
Let's just was just putting this right above.
OK.
This is also working let's just putting it like this so we can not just grab it from here.
Well we this is used for setting's I'm sorry I'm sorry.
This is your first setting this is not used for grabbing.
So I'm just going to have the feature for slider and I'm going to track it here.
I'm going to update right now and then you can see that this is going to be updated right here.
I'm going to go to you say tray here.
All I have to update at first.
OK.
Yeah.
Here you go.
I can see this is updated.
This Caruso is coming then we have three Dabbs for post and then we have all the posts that are coming
right here.
OK so now we're totally done with this in the next video.
We will be working of at the menu.
I'm going to show you how can you create a mega menu that is going to show inside if I just print memos
you or to this best seller.
Should a Maegan menu and the post will be coming here so let's just go to Mashable dot com.
OK.
And then we're going to build a machinable dot com matchable dot com is the world's best blog.
And you can see that they use this type of thing.
So if I just come here you can see how this is.
Let's just wait till this is loaded.
OK.
You can see this is how it is.
This is taking some time to load your new wife.
I think my internet is slow right now.
So this is you can see this.
This is how this is basically called the mega menu.
OK.
So you're going to create something like this.
And if I just bring my mouse away here it's going to show all the categories that has the post to sign
it so we can select how many post categories we want to show.
We can also add the top category top post in here like this.
So you will understand it later on a bed then you will see it.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And in the next video we will be working a bit more stuff so stay tuned.
And Buh-Bye.